Add Assisted Generation Example (#745)
intel/intel-extension-for-transformers: examples/huggingface/pytorch/text-generation/assisted_generation/README.md

# Assisted Generation

> IPEX supports assisted generation using the HugginFace API, to speedup inference by up to 3x.

Author: ```suggestion
Intel Extension for Transformers supports assisted generation using the HuggingFace API, to speedup inference by up to 3x.
```
